# Kenobi Novel
  
Attention is requested to create new articles from these links. Click "[show]" in the "Credits" and "Appearances" sections if redlinks are not immediately visible. Please remove this message when finished.
 
**Download Zip ↔ [https://7buslajuncpe.blogspot.com/?file=2A0Te8](https://7buslajuncpe.blogspot.com/?file=2A0Te8)**


 
*Known to locals only as "Ben," the bearded and robed offworlder is an enigmatic stranger who keeps to himself, shares nothing of his past, and goes to great pains to remain an outsider. But as tensions escalate between the farmers and a tribe of Sand People led by a ruthless war chief, Ben finds himself drawn into the fight, endangering the very mission that brought him to Tatooine.*
 
Following an argument with his wife Magda, the elderly moisture farmer Wyle Ulbreck spends several hours drinking at Junix's Joint in Anchorhead. After almost falling, Ulbreck is helped to his feet by a hooded stranger, who turns out to be the fugitive Jedi Master Obi-Wan Kenobi. Several young troublemakers led by the siblings Mullen and Veeka Gault terrorise the bartender, his wife Yoona and other customers including several Rodian henchmen of Jabba the Hutt.
 
Their presence provokes a brawl, which descends into a gunfight. The stranger passes a bundle which turns out to be the infant Luke Skywalker before intervening in the fight. After shooting out the lightglobe, the stranger uses his lightsaber to wound and kill several of the belligerents including Jabba's henchmen. Following the fight, Kenobi retrieves Skywalker and departs for the Lars homestead.
 
Later, Kenobi reflects on his mission to deliver Luke Skywalker into the care of his uncle Owen Lars and aunt Beru Whitesun Lars . Kenobi is also haunted by the events of the Great Jedi Purge and the fall of his former Padawan Anakin Skywalker. Following the "mischief" in Anchorhead, Kenobi decides that he needs to find a place to lay low on the planet Tatooine.
 
The Tusken Raider A'Yark ("Plug-eye") leads a raid on Tellico and Tyla Bezzard's moisture farm, regarding their moisture vaporators as sacrilegious. The eight Tusken Raiders kill an elderly human settler named Lotho Pelhane, a Bith farm hand, and destroy several droids. The Tuskens are unnerved by the farm's alarm system, which emits the recorded howl of a krayt dragon. Before they can harm the Bezzards and their infant son, they are attacked by two landspeeders carrying a party of armed settlers led by businessman Orrin Gault. Gault's forces gun down several Tusken Raiders except A'Yark, who manages to escape.

After eliminating the Tuskens, Orrin and his son Mullen speak with the farmers. Tyla is distraught by the death of her father Pelhane. Orrin comforts her, thanking Tyla for installing the alarm and activator that Orrin had supplied through his Settlers' Call Fund. Due to the Tusken attacks, the Bezzards want to leave their farm. Orrin has made arrangements for a local business owner named Annileen Calwell to look after them.
 
While Mullen looks after Tyla, Orrin goes to find her husband Telico. He also speaks with his 21-year old daughter Veeka and her teenaged friend Jabe Calwell, who have been drinking alcohol. After ordering them to assist the farm inhabitants, Orrin questions Telico about the Tusken raiding party's leader, whom he dubs "Plug-eye" due to his cybernetic right eye. After confirming "Plug-eye"'s presence, the Gaults part for drinks at Dannar's Claim.
 
Annileen is the owner of Dannar's Claim, the general store at Pika Oasis, which had been previously owned and operated by her late husband Dannar Calwell. Dannar was a business partner of Orrin, who owns a successful vaporator building business and manages the Settler's Call Fund. In addition to managing her store, Annileen also breeds several reptilian dewbacks for a living. Anileen is also the mother to two teenagers: a 17 year old daughter named Kallie Calwell and her 16 year old son Jabe. While dreaming of a better life on Alderaan, Annileen has come to accept life on Tatooine.
 
After repelling the Tusken attack on the Bezzard farm, Orrin returns to Pika Oasis where he receives a hero's welcome. Orrin takes the opportunity to promote his Settler's Call Fund, which provides security to local settlers and farmers in return for a subscription fee. While Jabe was excited about taking part in Orrin's posse, Annileen is upset that her son sneaked out on his chores and endangered himself.
 
She threatens to withhold parking, catering, and weapons services to Orrin if he takes her son on another one of his posses. During the confrontation, Annileen wields a gaderffii. Orrin tugs at the weapon but Annileen lets go, causing him to accidentally swing the gaderffii into the windshield of his landspeeder. The two quickly make amends with Anileen agreeing to host the frightened Bezzards and Orrin agreeing to cover the costs of his damaged landspeeder and drinks for the posse.
 
In the Jundland Wastes, A'Yark treats a young warrior who was wounded during the raid on the Bezzards' farm. She is unable to remove deeply embedded shrapnel from the warrior's body and gives him a mercy killing. Shortly later, she receives word of a single hooded human riding an eopie through Tusken territory. Still bitter over the earlier setback, A'Yark resolves to kill the setter for intruding in Tusken territory.
 
Meanwhile, Kallie mounts a mountain dewback named Snit. However, the unruly dewback breaks out of the corral at Dannar's Claim and takes its unwilling rider on a ride into the desert. Annileen pursues Snit on another dewback named Vilas. The chase leads towards a field of sarlaccs near the Great Pit of Carkoon. During the pursuit, Annileen leaps onto Snit's back in an attempt to rescue her daughter and regain control of the runaway creature.
 
The two are joined by a stranger riding an eopie, which is able to keep up with the dewback. Coming to their aid, the stranger convinces Annileen to pass Kallie over to him. Snit trips over a hole and falls with Annileen. Before the dewback can fall on Annilee, Kenobi uses the Force to temporarily suspend the creature in mid-air, saving Annileen's life. When Annileen awakes, she meets her rescuer who introduces himself as "Ben" Kenobi and his eopie Rooh. After exchanging pleasantries, the three attend to the dewback Snit, who has fallen into a catatonic state. The trio escape before a sarlacc claims Snit.
 
From the distance, A'Yark watches the trio. She is fascinated with Kenobi's Force powers, which she regards as "magic." While meditating, Kenobi tells his late master Qui-Gon Jinn about his intention to visit the Lars homestead discreetly to keep an eye on young Skywalker while avoiding the attention of the Tusken Raiders and the Empire. Kenobi has also taken residence in a dilapidated house. He also confides about his encounter with Annileen and her daughter Kallie.
 
While the Phindian Gloamer repairs Orrin's damaged speeder, he reflects on his first offworld trip as a teenager to Rodia to obtain a second-hand vaporator. Orrin is disappointed that his adult children Mullen and Veeka have not matured with the former aggravating people rather than leading them. Orrin takes an interest in Jabe, who resents doing chores for his mother Annileen and looks up to Orrin as a father figure. Orrin also takes an interest in the mysterious "Ben" who rescued the Calwell women. Orrin also tasks Mullen with "taking care" of the Tusken bandoliers, gaffi sticks, and pouches they had acquired from the fallen raiders. Later, Orrin and Annileen receive news of an approaching Jawa sandcrawler.
 
Following the arrival of the Jawa caravan, Annileen warns the other Pika Oasis residents that she will handle all trade with the Jawas. Jabe and Kallie compete to take part in the auction with Jabe winning the competition. Jabe quickly grows bored and joins Veeka and several of the Gault farmhands in tossing a Jawa. Annileen objects to their behavior, causing Jabe to drop the Jawa. Shortly later, they are visited by Kenobi, who had hitched a ride with the Jawas and is seeking feed for his eopie Rooh. Since she is preoccupied with Kenobi, Annileen decides to lift the embargo on trading with the Jawas for today.
 
Using Republic credits, Kenobi purchases several goods from Dannar's Claim including a portable washbasin, a curtain rod, tools, and tins of food paste. Kallie also works on creating an improvised saddle pannier for Kenobi's eopie. Mullen, Veeka, and the farmhand Zedd Grobbo harry Kenobi, regarding him as an outsider. When Kenobi rebuffs Veeka's flirtation attempt, Zedd attempts to assault Kenobi. Kallie charges at Veeka with a bantha prod, prompting Annileen to restrain her. Though the bantha prod missed Veeka and avoided Kenobi's torso, the object instead fell into Kenobi's metal shopping tub which is being held by Mullen. Mullen is electrocuted but survives. Zedd charges at Kenobi but the older man dodges out of his way. Kenobi's actions arouse Annileen's curiosity in the newcomer.
 
After learning about the altercation with Kenobi from Veeka, Orrin is furious with his children and Gault employees for misbehaving. To maintain good relations with Annileen, he orders them to clean up the store, apologize to Annie, and finish their shift. While driving with Wayne Ulbreck in his USV-5 Modified Landspeeder, he attempts to convince the moisture farmer to subscribe to his Settler's Call. Ulbreck is content with his own security arrangements and declines Orrin's offer.
 
After dropping Ulbreck back at his farm, Orrin encounters Kenobi and gives him a ride. During the journey, Orrin takes the opportunity to show Kenobi several Pretormin Environmental moisture vaporators, an investment that he believes will bring weather and wealth to his community. Orrin also explains that Annileen's late husband Dannar was killed by a Tusken Raider eight years ago while attempting to aid a rider in the desert. Orrin also tells Kenobi about the death of Cliegg Lars' wife Shmi Skywalker Lars and the settlers sent to rescue her at the hands of the Tuskens. He uses the Tusken threat to promote his Settlers' Call system, which he describes as a defense against Tusken incursions.
 a2f82b0cb4
 
